# License

## snn-core

### Description

Main license for the snn-core library.

### Files covered

Fully covered (except if covered by a third-party license, see below):

    snn-core/**/*

`**/*` means all files recursively.

### License

https://www.boost.org/LICENSE_1_0.txt

    Boost Software License - Version 1.0 - August 17th, 2003

    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person or organization
    obtaining a copy of the software and accompanying documentation covered by
    this license (the "Software") to use, reproduce, display, distribute,
    execute, and transmit the Software, and to prepare derivative works of the
    Software, and to permit third-parties to whom the Software is furnished to
    do so, all subject to the following:

    The copyright notices in the Software and this entire statement, including
    the above license grant, this restriction and the following disclaimer,
    must be included in all copies of the Software, in whole or in part, and
    all derivative works of the Software, unless such copies or derivative
    works are solely in the form of machine-executable object code generated by
    a source language processor.

    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
    IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
    FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT
    SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR ANYONE DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE
    FOR ANY DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
    ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
    DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

SPDX-License-Identifier: BSL-1.0


# Third-party licenses

In alphabetical order.


## Go

### Description

The Go programming language
https://github.com/golang/go/

Go's time library was used as a reference for parts of this library:
https://github.com/golang/go/blob/master/src/time/

### Files covered

Partially covered:

    snn-core/time/point.hh

### License

    // Copyright 2009 The Go Authors. All rights reserved.
    // Use of this source code is governed by a BSD-style
    // license that can be found in the LICENSE file.

https://github.com/golang/go/blob/master/LICENSE

    Copyright (c) 2009 The Go Authors. All rights reserved.

    Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
    modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
    met:

       * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
       * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
    copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
    in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
    distribution.
       * Neither the name of Google Inc. nor the names of its
    contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
    this software without specific prior written permission.

    THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
    "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
    LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
    A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
    OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
    SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
    LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
    DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
    THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
    (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
    OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

SPDX-License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause


## JSON Parsing Test Suite

### Description

A comprehensive test suite for RFC 8259 compliant JSON parsers.
https://github.com/nst/JSONTestSuite

### Files covered

Fully covered:

    snn-core/json/decoder.test.data/*

### License

https://github.com/nst/JSONTestSuite/blob/master/LICENSE

    MIT License

    Copyright (c) 2016 Nicolas Seriot

    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
    of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
    in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
    to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
    copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
    furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

    The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
    copies or substantial portions of the Software.

    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
    IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
    FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
    AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
    LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
    OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
    SOFTWARE.

SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT


## libc++

### Description

"libc++" C++ Standard Library
https://libcxx.llvm.org/

CityHash64 algorithm from:
https://github.com/llvm/llvm-project/blob/main/libcxx/include/__functional/hash.h

### Files

Partially covered:

    snn-core/detail/cityhash64/hash.hh

### License

    // Part of the LLVM Project, under the Apache License v2.0 with LLVM Exceptions.
    // See https://llvm.org/LICENSE.txt for license information.
    // SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0 WITH LLVM-exception

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0 WITH LLVM-exception


## Time Zone Database

### Description

IANA Time Zone Database
https://www.iana.org/time-zones

Time zone database including parsing and validation logic.

### Files

Not applicable (public domain license).

### License

    Public domain.


## UTF-8 decoder capability and stress test

### Description

"UTF-8 decoder capability and stress test" by Markus Kuhn.
https://www.cl.cam.ac.uk/~mgk25/ucs/examples/UTF-8-test.txt

### Files

Fully covered:

    snn-core/utf8/test.data/stress-test.txt
    snn-core/utf8/test.data/stress-test-corrected.txt
    snn-core/utf8/test.data/stress-test-stripped.txt

### License

https://www.cl.cam.ac.uk/~mgk25/ucs/examples/UTF-8-test.txt

    Markus Kuhn <http://www.cl.cam.ac.uk/~mgk25/> - 2015-08-28 - CC BY 4.0

SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-4.0


## WHATWG

### Description

Web Hypertext Application Technology Working Group (WHATWG)
https://whatwg.org/

Encodings from:
https://encoding.spec.whatwg.org/encodings.json

### Files covered

Partially covered:

    snn-core/encoding/scheme.hh
    snn-core/encoding/scheme_names.hh
    snn-core/encoding/schemes.hh

### License

https://github.com/whatwg/encoding/blob/main/LICENSE

    Copyright © WHATWG (Apple, Google, Mozilla, Microsoft).

    This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International
    License. To the extent portions of it are incorporated into source code,
    such portions in the source code are licensed under the BSD 3-Clause License instead.

...

    BSD 3-Clause License

    Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
    modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

    1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
       list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

    2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
       this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
       and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

    3. Neither the name of the copyright holder nor the names of its
       contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
       this software without specific prior written permission.

    THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
    AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
    IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
    DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
    FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
    DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
    SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
    CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
    OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
    OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

SPDX-License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause
